@c Copyright (C) 2014 Ollie Etherington
@c Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
@c under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
@c or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
@c with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
@c You should have received a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License along
@c with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename yaw.info
@settitle Yaw User Manual
@c %**end of header

@smallbook
@set EDITION 0.0.1
@set VERSION 0.0.1
@set UPDATED 7th May 2014
@set AUTHOR Ollie Etherington
@set HOMEPAGE @url{www.github.com/olliejohn/Yaw}
@set COPYRIGHT Copyright (C) 2014 Ollie Etherington

@dircategory Editors
@direntry
* yaw: (yaw).                 Simple, extensible text editor
@end direntry

@c tex
@c \overfullrule=0pt
@c end tex

@titlepage
@title The @code{Yaw} Text Editor
@subtitle User Manual
@subtitle Version @value{VERSION}

@author @value{AUTHOR}
@page

This manual documents @code{Yaw}, a simple yet extensible text editor and
terminal emulator.

@value{COPYRIGHT}

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

@iftex
Permission is granted to process this file through @TeX{} and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission notice
identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph (this
paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).
@end iftex

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

You may contact the author at @value{HOMEPAGE}
@end titlepage


@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)

This manual documents @code{Yaw}, a simple yet extensible text editor and
terminal emulator.

@menu
* Introduction::
* Keyboard Shortcuts::
* Building Options::
@end menu

@node Introduction, Overview, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

@code{Yaw} is a simple yet extensible text editor.  Besides basic text editing,
@code{Yaw} also features a built in terminal emulator and customization via a
Lisp interpreter.

@menu
* Overview::
* Command Line Options::
@end menu

@node Overview, Command Line Options, Introduction, Introduction
@section Overview

@code{Yaw} [+LINE,COLUMN] [options] [@var{files ...}]

The original goal for @code{Yaw} was to make the workflow between writing code
and building/testing it in a terminal as simple as possible whilst still being
compatible with CLI systems.

Please file bug reports at @value{HOMEPAGE}.

@node Command Line Options, Keyboard Shortcuts, Overview, Introduction
@section Command Line Options

@code{Yaw} takes the following options from the command line:

@table @code

@item -z, --suspend
Enable suspend ability of @code{Yaw} using the system's suspend
keystroke (usually ^Z).

@item +LINE,COLUMN
Start at line number LINE and column number COLUMN instead of the default of
line 1 and column 1.

@end table

@node Keyboard Shortcuts, Building Options, Command Line Options, Top
@chapter Keyboard Shortcuts

Most of Yaw's functionality can be accessed from the following key commands. In
addition to this, any of these shortcuts (and many others) can be rebound in the
Lisp interpreter. See section 'X' for more information on how to do this.

The following is a list of all of Yaw's default key binds. 'C-S' should be read
as 'press s while holding down control'.

@table @code

@item C-Q
Quit Yaw

@item C-S
Save the current buffer. If the buffer has not yet been given a name, a prompt
will appear in the command line asking for one.

@item C-N
Create a new buffer in a new tab

@item C-O
Open a file in a new buffer

@item C-B
Move the focus to the buffer window

@item C-G
Move the focus to the command line

@item C-T
Move the focus to the terminal

@item C-X
Cut (not yet implemented)

@item C-C
Copy (not yet implemented)

@item C-V
Paste (not yet implemented)

@end table

@node Building Options, , Keyboard Shortcuts, Top
@chapter Building Options

Building @code{Yaw} from source is very straight forward if you are familiar
with the process. It simply requires moving into the 'yaw' directory then
performing @code{make && make install}

This process is dependant on the following packages:

@itemize @bullet
@item GCC (it may be possible to use some other C compiler but this is untested,
unsupported and the source may require some modifications)
@item ncursesw
@item make (or some compatable variant)
@end itemize

Building and installing the documentation will also require man, gzip, info and
makeinfo.

Updating the ChangeLog will also require Perl and Git (and, needless to say,
Yaw's Git commit history).

@contents
@bye
