.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Ollie Etherington
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License along
.\" with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH YAW 1 "Version 0.0.1" "9th May 2014"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH NAME
yaw \- Yet Another Writer, extensible text editor with built-in terminal
emulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yaw
.I [OPTIONS]\ [\+LINE,COLUMN]\ [FILES]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page briefly describes the Yaw text editor - note that it is not
a complete description of all of Yaw's functionality and it is not reguarly
updated. For more extensive and recent documentation please refer to Yaw's GNU
info manual which can be accessed by running 'info yaw'.
.PP
Yaw is a command line text-editor designed to be as simple to use as possible
whilst still being powerful and extensible.
.PP
Yaw is still in the early stages of development and so it NOT recomended for
ACTUAL work (see the \fINOTES\fP section for more information).
.PP
Yaw currently features:
.IP \[bu] 2
Opening multiple buffers at once in tabs
.IP \[bu]
A built in terminal emulator
.IP \[bu]
Extensibility and configuation with the built in Lisp interpretter
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \+\fILINE\fP,\fICOLUMN\fP
Places cursor at line number \fILINE\fP and column number \fICOLUMN\fP (at least
one of which must be specified) on startup, instead of the default of line 1,
column 1.
.SH SHORTCUTS
Most of Yaw's functionality can be accessed from the following key commands. In
addition to this, any of these shortcuts (and many others) can be rebound in the
Lisp interpreter. See the info page for more information on how to do this.
.PP
The following is a list of all of Yaw's default key binds. 'C-S' should be read
as 'press s while holding down control'.
.TP
.B C\-Q
Quit Yaw
.TP
.B C\-S
Save the current buffer. If the buffer has not yet been given a name, a prompt
will appear in the command line asking for one.
.TP
.B C\-N
Create a new buffer in a new tab
.TP
.B C\-O
Open a file in a new buffer
.TP
.B C\-B
Move the focus to the buffer window
.TP
.B C\-G
Move the focus to the command line
.TP
.B C\-T
Move the focus to the terminal
.TP
.B C\-X
Cut (not yet implemented)
.TP
.B C\-C
Copy (not yet implemented)
.TP
.B C\-V
Paste (not yet implemented)
.SH CONFIGURATION
The Yaw configuaration file is found at ~/.yaw
.PP
Any time that Yaw starts up and does not find this file, it will write the
default configuration to this location.
.SH NOTES
Yaw is still in the very early stages of development and so is still quite
buggy and is still lacking some important (and some not so important) features.
For this reason it is very much recommended that Yaw is NOT used for actual
work until the release of the first stable version. The usual disclaimers
asscociated with the GNU GPL also apply (see \fICOPYING\fP for more details).
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs by raising an issue at at github.com/olliejohn/Yaw/issues
.SH HOMEPAGE
www.github.com/olliejohn/Yaw
.SH COPYING
Yaw is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify  it under the terms
of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation;
either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. Yaw is
distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification, are
permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright notice and this
notice are preserved. This file is offered as-is, without any warranty.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2014 Ollie Etherington
